`mining_sv2` docs (#1243)
stratum-mining/stratum: protocols/v2/subprotocols/mining/README.md

# mining_sv2

[![crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/mining_sv2.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/mining_sv2)
[![docs.rs](https://docs.rs/mining_sv2/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/mining_sv2)
[![rustc+](https://img.shields.io/badge/rustc-1.75.0%2B-lightgrey.svg)](https://blog.rust-lang.org/2023/12/28/Rust-1.75.0.html)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT%2FApache--2.0-blue.svg)](https://github.com/stratum-mining/stratum/blob/main/LICENSE.md)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/stratum-mining/stratum/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://app.codecov.io/gh/stratum-mining/stratum/tree/main/protocols%2Fv2%2Fmining_sv2)

`mining_sv2` is a Rust crate that implements a set of  messages defined in the Mining protocol of Stratum V2.

> The Mining protocol enables the distribution of work to mining devices and the submission of
> proof-of-work results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Mining protocol enables:
- distribution of work to mining devices
- submission of proof of work from mining devices
- notification of custom work to pool (in conjunction with Job Declaration Subprotocol) 
```
